Add Salary survey and US East to the TOC (#1121)
writethedocs/www: docs/include/conf/current.rst

- :doc:`Write the Docs Portland 2020 </conf/portland/2020/index>`, May 3-5, **Portland, Oregon**

Proposals
~~~~~~~~~

> We are looking at doing another event in North America, further east in 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking at doing another event in 2020, on or close to the east coast of the US.
```

Urgh, not super happy with that either, but it beats "further east in 2020" :-p
